**Privacy Policy**

Grekov Software built the Text Contact app as an Ad Supported app. This Service is provided by Grekov Software at no cost and is intended for use as is. 

This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Service. 

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. Data collection refers to the local access to this data and its processing on the user's device. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. 


**Information Collection and Use**

When using this Service, we may require you to provide access to certain personal information, including, but not limited to, contacts, as well as limited access to the device's file system.

The application reads device contacts data (contact names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses) and saves them on the device as files to ensure the operation of its main functions: creating files with backup copies of contacts, transferring these files and/or contacts to other applications on the device, as well as restoring contacts from such files. The described functions can be carried out solely on your initiative, as a user of the application, while you independently determine the amount of such data.

The requested information will be stored on your device and will not be collected by us in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. 

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app 

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)


**Security**

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 


**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

This policy is effective as of 2022-04-06


**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at grekovsoftware@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
